hi there guys this is Tracy here and
welcome to our Channel today I wanted to
show you a set of four diecast metal
vehicles so yes so got four here and
their wages for us so let's take that
the closed syllable so first off we've
got fire engine there with the ladder
I'm not sure the matter sort of I guess
you can move the ladder up to extend it
that she comes out but nevermind I'll
just pop that back in so we're yeah
that's a very good little wire engine
there so we have a tanker here super oil
it's just soup or oil tanker and boy
have you good smelling and lastly I dip
the truck so it does actually tip this
launcher you can put anything in there
but you like and playing play with the
other vehicles with it there so that's
before for diecast toy is there among
the great little handy said and it
actually says Auto carriers sights from
top toys and top diecast metal and
collection are superbly modeled and
painted replicas that give hours of
playtime fun collect the police team
Emergency Squad army force construction
gang and so many more build a fantastic
fantasy world so there we are very short
for diecast metal vehicles so please
subscribe
take care and come back again soon bye
for now